
Codepen Link: https://codepen.io/adflores17/pen/YzpRpbY?editors=1100



  1. What is Semantic HTML? well made html optmized for search engines
    2. What is HTML used for? html is the text on a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes provide additional info and go inside the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is used for the main heading, should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    input and select

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header
    7. What is an id? a unique identifier we can assign to an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element that does not already have an id

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class?
    used to specify a class of elements 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    you can add multiple elements to same class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    include a (target="_blank")

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    specifies and alternate text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using # following by id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sectin defines sections in a document whil a div is used to group block elements

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling the website, the look

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    using he select tag <select>

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an ID can only be used once, and a class contains several different elements. I would use an ID for a specific element while a class for certain types of elements

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class, by using the period

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all element that are the direct child


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style:dotted;
    color:black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{} 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm file.name, could delete important file in a directory 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    helps keep track of changes and good for collaboration

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 30-60 min

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. fork your own version
    2.clone repo to git
    3.work on your repo
    4.git add . will prepare changes for commit
    5. git commit -m "name update" will commit changes in specified commit
    6. git push branch-name to push up to repo
    7. once changes are on github account you can submit a pull request
     

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
